add more headings to the github pr template (#1246)
holochain/holochain-rust: .github/pull_request_template.md

## PR summary

## testing/benchmarking notes

( if any manual testing or benchmarking was/should be done, add notes and/or screenshots here )

## followups

( any new tickets/concerns that were discovered or created during this work but aren't in scope for review here )

> 

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion for the docs section.  @Connoropolous any other suggestions?
```suggestion
## documentation

- [ ] this change has no user-facing documentation that needs updating
- [ ] rust-doc comments have been added
- [ ] md-book documentation updates have been added
```

Reviewer 2: This works!

Reviewer 2: Note to self and others, we had a discussion with dhtnetwork discussing how devs could also have the option of delivering documentation for new code in the form of video, if writing is a challenge/pain/undesirable

## changelog

> Please check one of the following, relating to the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please place an x into one of the following (to display it as a checkmark), relating to the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)
```
